hello and welcome to the kitchen I'm
Juliet's
I'm danila are we gonna be making
today's line over Columbus tips
yes but uber corn biscuits for the
frontal space what twists you have to
wait and see so we're gonna make some
biscuits with some basic vanilla cookie
sugar dough so we're gonna start by
rolling out so you know how to roll out
don't you lined up you roll it out and
we want it to be very fairly thin
because for these special uber corn
biscuits we're going to be using three
in biscuits so once you've got your
dough ready you need to cut around the
uber chord shape so we're gonna place
that onto the dough I'm just using we've
got a little plastic knife here so just
take the knife and just very carefully
go around the shape let's have a look so
that should give us a nice feedback or
shape
yes well done Delilah that looks
brilliant okay so we've got a few shapes
here we can reroll this so when you're
making these you can just do them in
batches and just make as many as you can
so you know we've got the Eva corn
biscuits with a funky twist so the funky
twist is going to require that we have
to hold in the middle of one of the
biscuits so you get three cookies that
will be joined together to make one so
if you can cut a hole show you one and
then you can do another so literally
just like that brilliant so now we are
gonna bake these in the oven they're
fairly thin so you're probably only
baking for about eight to ten minutes
until they're just golden brown and
bring the nieces hatch on 180 degrees so
I'll pop those in and then we'll come
back when they're faiths so these are
now completely cool Delilah and what we
need to do first of all is create the
uber corn face so we're gonna just use
royal icing with all the different
colours that we need to pipe the details
on special show you have to do it so
we're gonna do the outline of uber born
space first so just squeeze the icing
comes out quite slowly and just go all
the way around the edges
[Music]
bachelor outlines everything space would
you like to do one yeah there you go
boolean there we go so that's all around
the edge of that one so now I've got
these pieces of paper as well did you
notice that they're all wet when you're
using royal icing it's a good idea to
put something wet over there into the
bags or the morsels like they dry out
really quickly so now we're just going
to get some of the runny or icing and
this is exactly the same but it's got a
little bit of water in it to make it a
bit more liquid what we're going to do
yeah it's filling the cookie so I'm just
gonna squeeze it again I'm just gonna
squeeze it almost touching the edge of
the line but not quite so you can see
how I'm squeezing it up against the line
so now you can see that's gonna be the
uniform face and then we're gonna leave
them to dry it's a good idea to leave
them to dry for a couple of hours before
we go over and do the rest of the detail
[Music]
yep they're all set so now we're gonna
finish doing his face so we're gonna
carry on with our royal icing so what
we're going to do is here's pool first
so I've got some yellow icing I'm not
gonna do is just quite peaceful so just
squeeze bag and then I'm gonna do a line
across there and just do a few kind of
diagonal line so he looks like they're
gonna have a go Delilah brilliant well
done Delilah fantastic so now we can do
these purple maze do a little outline by
his horn and then just go all the way
around the edge and do it flicky like
that so for the filling in it's the same
as we did for the face so you just need
to go in there and lift up your
good and then just go in there just try
not to scratch the edge and then fill it
me done so you can do that done and I'll
do the outlines ok the liner so and now
they do another bit so can I have a look
at your t-shirt so he's got a little
mask isn't he so we'll do the mask so
I've got a little bit of a lighter
purple icing
I'm just gonna throw her on where he's
bought these mice so he's gonna puts
there like that do you want to do one
[Music]
stuff and then he's got a little pink
side bit by the side of his mask I've
got pink icing I mean we've got all the
colors here every way mm-hmm and I'm
just gonna go like this just do a little
pink bit there to join him fantastic
okay and then let's have another look at
weaver corn so he's got some ears and
he's got a little nose as me so fingers
is we just fill in a little bit of the
lighter purple just kind of drew it in
like that and then where his nose is you
can just do
[Music]
for his eyes we're just gonna use the
little bit fix cuz you're newly tiny bit
black
I mean if he's lots of eyebrows who so
all we need to do for the eyebrows just
make a little sausage pop one on there
and then I'm using another sausage and
then for these eyes he just needs two
little circles so I'm gonna take a
little bit of black so just break it
into pieces make two little circles and
then I'm just gonna take my finger just
splat it down so I've got the flat back
so do you want to do the same than yours
so you can make the sausage your
eyebrows and your little circles for
your eyes so we're gonna do his little
mouth now so for that we just need to
come close up we can just go and then
over here so just squeeze a little bit
going like that
nice smile so do you want to add a smile
to your ones brilliant fantastic and
then the last bit of detail so these
guys want to add a little bit of sparkle
so I'm just gonna take my piping bag and
just do small dot one two so he looks
like he's got a nice sparkly eye once
you have decorated your evil horns
we need to leave them to dry really for
a couple of hours two or three hours or
you can even leave them overnight and
then we will come back and finishing
them off and then you are gonna see why
they have got their hole okay so
there are over corn two things I ate so
now it's time to tell you and show you
why they had hole
we're gonna stick them together because
we are gonna create a surprise inside so
we're gonna take a couple of the other
bank cookies from the other batch these
are just a twin shape so there's one for
you and one for me so with the uber
corns it's with the hole cutter help
please turn them over and we're gonna
take some royal icing and we're just
gonna go all the way just around the
edge but it doesn't need to be right up
to the edge because they're just making
in us to stick the biscuits together so
just like that so if you want to do your
one that's brilliant so I'm just gonna
turn it over and pop it onto the base
cookie you can feel your cookies with
any kind of tree or sprinkle that you
like so we've got these really cool star
ones and just pop them into the middle
of the cookie there I think that's
enough in mind you need you've got
nothing else and yeah we're gonna get
them all rising again and just do the
same thing so just around the edge not
too much there's coming a bit of a rough
line we're gonna take our uber corn the
ice earlier and just carefully pop him
on top to create our kind of sandwich
biscuit just line up and then we're
gonna leave those to dry I mean ideally
you'd want to do that overnight
here we go Delilah oh it was worth the
wait there all done look at these
what's your being cool this is that
super fun aren't they check this out
weird
[Music]
Oh yummy and try some yeah
dee-licious hmm I'll shake it off though
mm-hmm hope you all enjoyed that for
more videos check out the BBC good food
YouTube channel
[Music]